Now, before we move on to the next section which is
about several contemporary key point detectors,
I have a task for you here.
Now, in the last example, you saw the output of
the Harris detector which is basically a collection of bright and dark
patches.The next step now is to locate
key points in the image which satisfy two important conditions.
First, they should give the highest columnist in the local neighborhood and second,
they should not overlap too much with other key points around them to
avoid too many points clustering in a small neighborhood.
Such a technique is called non-maximum suppression or NMS.
I want you to find a way to apply this to
the Harris response image and locate some key points.
When you're finished, please store those key points in a C++ vector.
Look up the OpenCV key point data type for some details on the required format.
The result of your work should resemble the image which is given below this video.
Okay. So see you in the next section once you've finished here.